https://imgur.com/a/Iq9qQdU

User types www.foobar.com into the browser and hits Enter.
The browser checks the cache for the ip of www.foobar.com. If it doesn't find there, it sends a request to DNS to resolve this.
Once the DNS returns the ip address the browser sends a request to access our web app.
The browser hits our nginx server.
The nginx server checks the request and sends it to the application server.
The application server communicates with the database if necessary to retrieve or store data.
The application server then sends a response to our nginx server.
The nginx server sends the response back to the browser.
The browser displays the response to the user.

Component Terms:
Server: A physical or hardware computer that is used solely for sharing files or other services. It can only be accessed over a network.
Domain name: The human-friendly name of our website used as an alias to the machine-friendly name or identifier known ip address.
Web Server: A software that handles HTTP/HTTPS requests and serves static content like HTML, CSS and images. It can also act as a reverse proxy and forward requests to our application server.
Application Server: The server which hosts and executes web application logic. It handles dynamic requests that the web server cannot handle alone.
Database: Storage of data.
Communication: The server communicates with the client through using HTTP/HTTPS protocol which runs on the TCP/IP network protocol.

Issues with our Infrastructure:
SOF: Single Point of Failure(SPOF) is any single component in our system whose failure will cause disruption in the delivery of our services. In our infrastructure, we have one web server,
one application server and one database. Hence every one of those is an SPOF.
Downtime: If any part of our application needs maintenance or servicing, this will cause immediate disruption of our delivery.
Scaling: The infrastructure cannot handle a surge in traffic. Since there is only one server, all of the resources(CPU, RAM, Storage) are shared b/n all components. We would need to either upgrade the server (vertical scaling) or add more servers (horizontal scaling)
